Gifs to memes - problem 2 update (#21)
storacha-network/learnyouw3up: problems/5-memes/problem.md

# Memes for my eyes

Ain't you cool? Now, let's shift gears and dive into the next challenge: retrieving content from a decentralized network.

## The Challenge:

> Every meme (or any other file) you upload is instantly available for retrieval. In this exercise, your task is to fetch a text file from the public gateway using its root CID. The cool part? You can use any gateway, thanks to the decentralized nature of peer-to-peer networking. But for simplicity, we’ll use the w3s.link gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every meme (or any other file) you upload is instantly available for retrieval. In this exercise, your task is to fetch a text file from a public gateway using its root CID. The cool part? You can use any gateway, thanks to the decentralized nature of peer-to-peer networking. But for simplicity, we’ll use the `w3s.link` gateway.
```

## What You Need to Do:
1. Start by creating a new JavaScript file, ex6.mjs. 

2. Fetch the CID from `stdin`: The CID (Content Identifier) of the file you need to fetch will be provided via `process.stdin`. You’ll need to read this input first.
```js
import fs from 'node:fs'
import { CID } from 'multiformats'

const cid = CID.decode(fs.readFileSync(process.stdin.fd))
```

> 3. Construct the Gateway URL: Format the URL to fetch the content using the w3s.link gateway. The URL format is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Construct the Gateway URL: Format the URL to fetch the content using the `w3s.link` gateway. The URL format is:
```

```js
https://w3s.link/ipfs/<CID>
```
Replace <CID> with the actual CID you decoded.
```js
const url = `https://w3s.link/ipfs/${cid}`
```
4. Fetch the Content: Use the fetch API to send an HTTP request to the gateway and retrieve the data.
```js
const res = await fetch(url)
```
5. Output the Content: Finally, write the fetched content directly to `process.stdout`.
```js
process.stdout.write(await res.text())
```

## What’s Happening Here?
**CID Decoding:** The CID you receive is in a compact binary form. You use the multiformats library to decode it into a human-readable string that you can use in the URL.

> **Gateway Flexibility:** While we use w3s.link here, you can use any gateway that supports IPFS (InterPlanetary File System).

Reviewer: They are typically called IPFS gateways - they'r enot a gateway for anything else.

```suggestion
**Gateway Flexibility:** We use w3s.link here, but you can use any IPFS gateway.
```

**Real-time Retrieval:** Once you have the CID, fetching content from a decentralized network is as simple as sending a request to a URL.

## Why This is Cool:
This challenge shows you how easy it is to retrieve content from a decentralized network. It’s like pulling a meme out of thin air—instant access, no matter where the file is stored on the network.

> Now, create that ex6.mjs file, plug in your code, and see how seamlessly you can fetch content from the decentralized web. Happy coding! 🚀

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, create that `ex6.mjs` file, plug in your code, and see how seamlessly you can fetch content from the decentralized web. Happy coding! 🚀
```
